# js-javascript-foreach todo list

These are the source code examples for my post on the [array for each method](https://dustinpfister.github.io/2019/02/16/js-javascript-foreach/), and many related topics in core javaScript as well as various environments. The array for each method seems to be one of those topics where just about everyone that writes a blog on javaScript will get to at one point or another, but there is not always a great number of people that really get into the depth of what array for each is really about. There is not just the nature of the for each method itself, but also the many alternatives to using the array for each method in the array prototype, as well as the core javaScript syntax when it comes to things like while loops and other control structures.

There are a few good reason why using array for each might be a good idea, and then a whole lot or reasons why it is not such a good idea. Maybe one of the best reasons why would would want to use array for each is for the sake or readability, as the name of the method is pretty clear as to what it does. A major reason why not would be that while loops seem to be way faster when working with a large array as I am seeing way better times when it comes to using while loops in place of array for each in those situations. There are also a lot of other array prototype methods also that might prove to be a better choice with certain tasks also on top of the reasons why one might prefer to use a while or for loop. For example the reduce method is a better choice when it comes to producing a single primitive value from an array, and filter is a better option for creating a new array with elements that meet a given condition.
